Grumbo'z Guild Warz.
WoW's Bloodiest
Guild House/Plot System
'Tides of Darkness'
This is NOT your Grandpa's Guild House System. 
--Built-Tested and Approved for ArcEmu ALE--
--Modified-Tested and Approved for TC2 3.3.5a Eluna--
--Updated-tested and Approved for TC2 4.3.4 Eluna--

This System allows Guild Masters to purchase multiple Guild Plot locations for xx guild coins. when a location is purchased a flag will spawn based on team ally/horde. 
Guild members can invade other guild plot locations from an apposing team or Guild and attempt to take there flag. if a guildmember tags the flag of an apposing team or Guild, that location will transfer ownership including all pigs in that location to the guild that tagged the flag.

"PERK" "Guild Commands" Access to Buy/Sell commands is adjustable by the GuildMasters.
Guild members with access to the sell commands can sell off the individual team based npc's and buildings of any won or Guild built locations. 
Guild members with access to the buy commands can buy areas, buildings and npc's for any Guild location.
"FEATURE" "Anarchy System." Allows Flags to be captured by same team guilds thru FFAGvGPvP Chaotic Anarchy. May be turned on/off live in game by the Admin.
"FEATURE" "No-Tag-Flag Timer." A cooldown timer so Flags cant be captured until the timer expires. May be turned on/off and time adjusted live in game by the Admin.
"FEATURE" "Guild Invite" Allows Non-guild players to interact with the guild flags. the flags will open a gossip menu so players can choose to join the flag's guild. May be turned on/off live in game for individual guilds by there GuildMaster.
"FEATURE" "Flag Require" Invaders MUST clear ALL guards to be able to claim flag. May be turned on/off live in-game.
"PERK" "Farms" Guild masters can now buy farms to support buying pigs. Guild masters can place up to xx guild pigs. (to have pigs you must have a farm)
"PERK" "Pig Payz" Each pig will pay xx gold to all guild members online per half hour. 
Farms are faction based and display id's can be changed in the DB.(GOB ID's 500000 Ally, 500001 Horde) 
Amount of pigs per farm can be adjusted live in game by the Admin.
"PERK" "Barracks" Guild masters can now buy barracks to support guards. barracks require a pig farm to support them.
Barracks are faction based and display id's can be changed in the DB.(GOB ID's 500002 Ally, 500003 Horde)
"PERK" "Guards" Guild masters can place guards at each location to protect there flag for xx guild coin each. Guards require a barrack.
guards will announce location id when in combat so guild members can tele to location. 
guards are disposable and wont respawn when killed. 
guards are faction based and id's can be changed in the DB.(NPC ID's 49002 Ally, 49003 Horde)
"PERK" "Guild Hall" Guild masters can place a BIG ol' Guild Hall at each location for xx Guild coins.
To have Hall's you must have a barracks. 
Halls are faction based and id's can be changed in the DB.(GOB ID's 500004 Ally, 500005 Horde)
"PERK" "Guild Vendors" Vendors Require a Guild Hall.
"Guild Buff vendor" Guild masters can place a Guild Buff vendor at each location for xx Guild coins. .(NPC ID's 49004 Ally, 49005 Horde). 
"Guild Fun items vendor" Guild masters can place a Guild Fun items vendor at each location for xx Guild coins. .(NPC ID's 49006 Ally, 49007 Horde). 
"Guild Gear vendor" Guild masters can place a Guild Gear vendor at each location for xx Guild coins.(NPC ID's 49008 Ally, 49009 Horde). 
You can create your own custom team vendor's for guilds and add there id's live in-game.
"PERK" "Guild Cannons" Cannon's Require a Guild Hall.
Guild masters can place Guild cannon's at each location for xx Guild coins.(NPC ID's 49010 Ally, 49011 Horde)
"PERK" "Guild Teleporter" Guild members can easily teleport to any of there guild's locations using the location's id.
Guild members can list all the areas owned by there guild by location id. 
Guild members can display information about the location they are at.
"PERK" "New Guild Gift" Newly formed Guilds will be gifted xx amount of Guild Coins to the Guild Master to get started with. 
"PERK" "Adjustable color layout" Now GuildMasters can change the color layout for the chatbox menus/data. 
"CMD" Guild master can customize most guild accessible commands in-game. 
"CMD" Guild master can change access level for buy commands in-game. 
"CMD" Guild masters can change access level for sell commands in-game. 
"CMD" GuildMasters can change the color layout for menus for there guild menus. 
"CMD" Admin can customize most GM commands and SYSTEM settings in-game. 
"CMD" Admin can change access level for GM commands in-game and the sql.


NOW Supports multi-realm servers. now you can run this on multiple realms . just add the DB table and re-name it then edit the DB name variable `guild_warz_DB` in the start of the script so each realms script matches there individual DB table.

NOW with an adjustable Guild Menu color layout
All variables "xx" , (item, npc, gob)ID's, GM access levels, Guild Member access levels, prices, limits and commands 
can easily be changed LIVE in-game, or the sql. 

Horde Location:
 
Ally Location:
 
Horde Location: 
 
Vendor 1:
 
Vendor 2:
 
Vendor 3:
 
Yup.... Guilds have cannons now:
 
 
`!! Its a cannon !!`

Lua for Eluna: 

latest version 4.85/03-12-2015 

--Modified-Tested and Approved for TC2 3.3.5a Eluna--
--Modified-Tested and Approved for TC2 4.3.4 Eluna--

>> Requires the latest Eluna Release : 64f1f9ccc617 01-17-2014 or newer. <<
Now supports Multi-Realm use

>> Grumbo'z Guild Warz TC2 3.3.5<<

>> Grumbo'z Guild Warz TC2 4.3.4<<
>> The Wiki <<

all commands can be altered easily in-game and the Sql table.
all limits and costs can be altered easily in-game and the Sql table. 
Commands function only while using Guild Chat. 

ArcEmu/ALE
Project

latest version: 3.65 - 2-12-2014
>> Grumbo'z Guild Warz << 

"Welcome to my nightmare" 
"I think your gonna like it"
"I think your gonna feel"
"right at home"
"here"


here you go Trinity .....

`...and so his Guildmates roared and cheared as he mounted the bloody head of yet another fallen Guild leader in there Great Hall.`

"!!KING SPADE!!" 
!! Raid !! Plunder !! Pilage !! 
!! it's bloody frak'n Anarchy !! 
"covered with dren." 

"cuz PvP'z better with a bag 'o' weed" 

special thanks to these guyz:

@Rochet2 -- lotta guideance n redo's of my stuff.
@Foereaper -- huge re-write of major parts for efficiency and speed.
@Grandelf -- for that teleporter that inspired this whole idea !BUMP!.
@Greone -- un-ending testing and all that video footage. 
@Freedom -- testing,testing,testing and more testing, and all round great help.
things like these cannot be done alone . thank you guyz. 

Additional thanks to:
@Creativextent -- for the Newly formed guilds perk idea - adjustable guild command access idea.
@foxthecrash -- for the No-Tag-Flag Timer idea.

without these guys assistance, testing, guidance and ideas it would never have been possible to create this high-tech slick responsive power house system it is now. thank you every one. 



My twisted idea of a Guild Plot System 


"Cuz PvP's better with a bag 'o' weed" 
!! I'm Grumbo Bitch !! 
!! King Spade !!
